{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;\f4\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww31360\viewh21060\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 QUIZ - CHAPTER 3: CODING WITH BLACK\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Part 1 \'97 Multiple Choice\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1. What is Black primarily used for?
\f2\b0 \
A. Running Python programs faster\uc0\u8232 \AppleHighlight-1 \AppleHilightClrSch-5 B. Automatically formatting Python code\AppleHighlight0 \AppleHilightClrSch0 \uc0\u8232 C. Debugging Python errors\u8232 D. Installing Python packages\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec2 2. Black is described as an \'93opinionated formatter.\'94 What does this mean?
\f2\b0 \
A. It asks the user how to format every line\uc0\u8232 B. It allows unlimited customization\u8232 \AppleHighlight-1 \AppleHilightClrSch-5 C. It enforces one consistent formatting style with minimal configuration\AppleHighlight0 \AppleHilightClrSch0 \uc0\u8232 D. It only formats comments\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec2 3. Which command formats a Python file named 
\f3 program.py
\f1  using Black?
\f2\b0 \
A. 
\f4 python black program.py
\f2 \uc0\u8232 \AppleHighlight-1 \AppleHilightClrSch-5 B. python3 -m 
\f4 black program.py
\f2 \AppleHighlight0 \AppleHilightClrSch0 \uc0\u8232 C. 
\f4 format program.py
\f2 \uc0\u8232 D. 
\f4 python format program.py
\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec2 4. What happens when you run Black on a file?
\f2\b0 \
A. It creates a new formatted copy of the file\uc0\u8232 \AppleHighlight-1 \AppleHilightClrSch-5 B. It overwrites the file with formatted code\AppleHighlight0 \AppleHilightClrSch0 \uc0\u8232 C. It deletes incorrect syntax\u8232 D. It converts Python to C\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec2 5. What flag allows Black to check formatting without modifying the file?
\f2\b0 \
A. 
\f4 --safe
\f2 \uc0\u8232 B\AppleHighlight-1 \AppleHilightClrSch-5 . 
\f4 --check
\f2 \AppleHighlight0 \AppleHilightClrSch0 \uc0\u8232 C. 
\f4 --verify
\f2 \uc0\u8232 D. 
\f4 --inspect
\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec2 6. Which of the following is a benefit of using Black?
\f2\b0 \
A. Faster runtime performance\uc0\u8232 \AppleHighlight-1 \AppleHilightClrSch-5 B. Eliminates style debates among developers\AppleHighlight0 \AppleHilightClrSch0 \uc0\u8232 C. Compiles Python automatically\u8232 D. Removes comments\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec2 7. Black follows which style guide as its base inspiration?
\f2\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \AppleHighlight-1 \AppleHilightClrSch-5 A. PEP 8\AppleHighlight0 \AppleHilightClrSch0 \uc0\u8232 B. RFC 2616\u8232 C. IEEE 754\u8232 D. PEP 257\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec2 8. Why is automated formatting useful when working on teams?
\f2\b0 \
A. It allows everyone to format code differently\uc0\u8232 \AppleHighlight-1 \AppleHilightClrSch-5 B. It prevents merge conflicts caused by style differences\AppleHighlight0 \AppleHilightClrSch0 \uc0\u8232 C. It makes code shorter\u8232 D. It replaces version control\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec2 Part 2 \'97 True or False\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 9.
\f2\b0  Black will refuse to format code if it contains syntax errors.    True\

\f1\b 10.
\f2\b0  Black can format entire directories of Python files.    True\

\f1\b 11.
\f2\b0  Using Black guarantees your program is bug-free.    False\

\f1\b 12.
\f2\b0  Black typically reformats code to use consistent spacing and line length.    True\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec2 Part 3 \'97 Short Answer\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 13.
\f2\b0  What is the typical command to install Black using pip?    `python3 -m pip install black`\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec2 14.
\f2\b0  If you want to format every Python file inside a project directory called 
\f4 project/
\f2 , what command would you run?    `python3 -m black project/`\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec2 15.
\f2\b0  Why does Black intentionally avoid allowing many configuration options?    Because Black was built on consistency, just like Henry Ford\'92s quote  - \'93Any color the customer wants, as long as it\'92s black.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec2 Part 4 \'97 Practice Exercises\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Exercise 1\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 The following code is poorly formatted.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf0 \
def greet(name): \
    print(\'93Hello," + name)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 Rewrite it the way Black would likely format it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec2 Exercise 2\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 Format this code into clean Python style:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf0 \
numbers = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]\
	for n in numbers:\
	    print(n * 2)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec2 Exercise 3\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 Imagine your project folder looks like this:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf0 \
budget_mate/\
    main.py\
    core/\
        budget_allocator.py\
    services/\
        budget_tracker.py\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 What command would you run to automatically format 
\f1\b all Python files
\f2\b0  in the 
\f4 budget_mate
\f2  project?\
`python3 -m black budget_mate/`\
}